hey everyone this is that bring you a
new video review this time we are
reaching for the stars in star drone
available on the PlayStation Network a
game originally released for pc three or
so years ago which recently got
optimized for ps3 by the ukraine bass
beat shapers and orb games now this is
not your typical spacefaring game it
actually makes us a lot of different
elements from different games to get a
basic understanding on how this game
plays think of the full star sections
from Super Mario Galaxy and later those
with deadly traps if you really want to
go back you can also compare it to group
you land on the NES which use the basic
form of the same control scheme you see
apart from choosing a direction in which
you launch your drone you have no other
direct control over it it will just go
on this way and let physics do its thing
on it which most of the time ends up in
a big explosion you cannot wear fur
legend to satellite slated around stages
with which you can sling shot yourself
in two different directions to avoid
such explosive consequences this manner
of control means that the controls are
extremely basic and easy to learn in
fact you only use one button to let on
to the satellites the game automatically
selects the clothes set light to latch
onto but you can also use the analog
stick to point it to the direction of
another one as the closest one is not
always the best want to use this will
try most of the time but I've also had
times by accidentally attachment wrong
onto an unintended node which quickly
scanned my ship into a huge wall spikes
this happens more often in fast-moving
levels where timing is hard enough as it
is and these moments can get extremely
frustrating as an alternative you can
also use the PS move which should be use
as a pointing device to select
satellites which is a more precise way
however many levels are so crowded and
requires such fast reaction that this
can still be very hard to pull off
correctly you may have figured this out
already but just to be clear here even
though this game has basic controls does
not make it an easy game whatsoever some
of these levels are just maddening heart
actually you'll find all kinds of deadly
stuff like
bounceu all over the place missiles and
enemies that turns you down and the ever
so popular instant death spikes you do
have a shield that can protect you from
a few hits from certain things but it
won't last very long you can however
defend yourself by collecting our stars
which will take a common rush mode with
which you can pull out who enemies apart
from that you can find a few other
power-ups along the way which can help
you out each level as you complete one
objective which come in for clients
either collect all stars collect the
number of shorts and bring them to a
certain point destroy your enemies or
reach the finish line there are over 50
levels to conquer and you can adjust the
game speed to alter the difficulty at
the detriment for metals by getting a
good score and online leaderboards you
can see that the game actually offers a
decent amount of replay value the game
also does pretty well with this
presentation although the techno
soundtrack is nothing too special and
consume get tiresome because of the lack
of tracks the visuals are nice and
vibrant actually maybe they're even too
vibrant of certain times like at the end
of the level where it goes an almost
peggle light show which is certainly not
for everyone sometimes second also be
too much happening on the screen at once
which makes it hard to make out where to
go or where you can latch onto or if you
playing it move obscura cursor one other
notable feature this game offers is the
ability to show multiple levels tab for
those who are playing this game on a
stereoscopic 3d TV so to wrap up this
review is start your own worth it I
personally really enjoyed it and had a
lot of fun it's very challenging anyway
you control the drone feels fresh when
the levels go well it truly feels great
however the game can also be very
frustrating if you are easily offended
by continued failures then stay clear
trust me on this one it'll spare you a
ton of controllers and other properties
you damaged by chucking those things
around otherwise I'd say if you like a
new challenge and something different
give it a try